Added entry for turning emails on or off (#289)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/posts/manage-teacher-training-applications/2020-12-14-turn-email-notifications-on-off.md

---
title: Let users turn email notifications on and off

> description: ???

Reviewer: Add a description. I know it will kill you haha.

> description: Some users check the service regularly and do not need to receive an email every time an application's status changes. We're going to let those users turn off notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Some users check the service regularly and do not need to receive an email every time an application’s status changes. We’re going to let those users turn off notifications.
```

date: 2020-12-14
---
 
The service sends out email notifications to users when an application is:
 
* submitted
* withdrawn (automatically or manually by the candidate)
* automatically rejected
* accepted
* declined
 
These are all changes which are not triggered by a provider, so the user may not be aware of them.

## What we did
 
Some users do not find the emails useful because they receive too many. We want to offer the ability to turn off notifications.

We've added a new section to 'Your account', called 'Email notifications'. This is a page with a pair of radio buttons to turn email notifications on or off, with a green button to save the setting. 

> The hint text explains what emails are included, since the service will still send users some other emails which are not related to applications. 

Reviewer: Will this setting not stop other emails going out. Let's discuss after stand up.

Author: We discussed this and agreed that there are some system generated emails which will still be sent. I've amended the content slightly.

> We've added a new section to 'Your account', called 'Email notifications'. This is a page with a pair of radio buttons to turn email notifications on or off, with a green button to save the setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added a new section to ‘Your account’, called ‘Email notifications’. This is a page with a pair of radio buttons to turn email notifications on or off, with a green button to save the setting.
```
